yes hello together with his white ones
shoemaker unboxing video here on the
channel along with games island many
thanks again for the provision and
we come to the last video of the display
booster unboxing they are at 36 and
relish suddenly here now that
last booster and zack we want
look what we have so good the
Classics Gent Monastery Out Rage Eats
Kazakhs already seen x times
have and the first batch of videos is
a james ii Mainz came to me ever
seen for 64 fly if that
must enter a player or
opponents because the top five cards
put his boutique in the cemetery
if one may then the instant source
they were playing without their men
cost so not all
a cool card beat up nicely
find such maps but as I said very
very funny where to find the opponent's deck
used against him nice thing so
booster two numero
Let's start with a nice great 13
fly
yes act on crises pacifism most beautiful
Nice is limited booster so far
and yes, another hydra the watch
hydrant probably not the means for
biped x100 she comes with x11 wait
in the game
and if she dies you are allowed one
Number of plus 11 marks on it
were on creatures who congratulated
to distribute
Definitely a nice card for that
Cool creatures have fallen anyway
me very well and that is not quite
Well
So she comes in a relatively weak game
but good if she dies we'll see
I then further distribute and
otherwise good as well
mediocre
You can not really talk about it
complain
So that would now have to know number three
Be opened with the condom shining up
envy the nation
semmering as usual here one more
diabolical and another of solnhofen
and yes we have the music on
valckes only five painters 44 fly
whenever he or another dragon
the playing field under our control
we can damage the field of play
was enlightened a player shoot
where the number of kites is the
controlled band he still has fire
pick up
So it does not tend to be too bad
so I'm also dragons so fan
which manager is not kite fans
I do not know but you were there
We still have in the pool here
in the edition so there are also cheap ones
where are the kites so good?
can play out
because of course the mana curve at the
sgsh starts killing maneuvers at 52
In Berlin then you can get the effect too
not really exploit
So I think that has something in the right place
Kessel areas a nice fun
deck you build yourself a few
cheaper kites , or so
changeling not bad so the
opponents because so changing all
then you can do that
maybe something funny, too
Potential is there I am going to get something
superior if there is interest that
just a comment
and we do not expect for three times
therefore 22 oliver or if you are so
have checked here livelink
tend to be super cool artwork tries
I really like to show it again
only my home is likely
do not be black
At the moment I can turn to green red
where clarity is also quite good
have to look
black does not have that yet
you have to convince in the budget
watch out for those with one
Number of colors you play in the basin
you really have to be careful you can
It does not exaggerate you can do it
but not so expensive
auxerre angel then you still have
with the guilty does not know the
Great for 2011 and everything better
which perry knows so you can
grope for any mah na awesome
pimenta grandios domestic kate one more
is fully back then the churches
actually with a very nice card the
I have been there for four years
Men
you can not just control and you
controls the enchanted creature
But at the beginning of withdrawal when the
cat power so strength is 4 or greater
one must take over the victims with it
weak stuff is nevertheless a good one
map and then another fire department
lilianas riva for four painters very 43 with
death's touch and always if one
the player has to deal damage
player discard a hand card and you
gets a 22 paced and zombie game
climb
that's good for four times after 43, that's why
that's fine
and the effect is just strong
nice booster with the domestic aid and
that and and then I still have that
slipper and that for menzer so that was
but just from the cover level
good book certainly also and how
I had said that before I think so
a thing ran de lyon in the cut the
Cards do not necessarily have much to value
but are from the playful
he has always said something to me here
the cheap hit of which I talked
have something you can quite with the
You are the sketch and the dragon
really nice so border is now
the last book for the display i
did not say it but we are watching
a few words on the itb act and
huppmann james mainz i gave her now
also 3 out of 4 644 fly for that
Spielfeld is still entering
Opponent the top five cards
cemetery and of it a spontaneous
magic or witchcraft card play without
your men cost to pay cool
So map here twice as the
conclusion actually a cool yield
I'm definitely happy though
with the hydra beautiful cards
I think that's just a nice ending
for the display unboxing and yes me
hope the video series to the new
edition magic 2014 in the main tent has you
like comments and comments
we have a nice day with you
used
[Music]